# Simple Note-taking API with Spring Boot

## Introduction

Welcome to the Simple Note-taking API built with Spring Boot! This API allows you to perform CRUD operations on notes. It includes endpoints for creating, retrieving, updating, and deleting notes. Data is stored in-memory for simplicity.

## Pre-requisites

- JDK 17+
- Git
  
The following are just based on the platform and technologies I used during the development, feel free to use any that suites your preference but make sure that it can perform similar process.

- Git Bash
- Windows OS

## Setup and Usage

Please use Git Bash or similar when executing the commands.

1. **Clone the Repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/jhimanjhi/crud-note-taking.git
    ```

2. **Navigate to the Project Directory:**

    ```bash
    cd crud-note-taking
    ```

3. **Build the Application:**

    ```bash
    ./gradlew build
    ```

4. **Run the Application:**

    ```bash
    ./gradlew bootRun
    ```

5. **Access the API:**

    - Once running, Visit the API Documentation links below for a more detailed API Specifications.
  
**Note:** To exit the app, press CTRL+C

## API Documentation

The API documentation is generated using OpenAPI and Swagger UI. Please ensure that the application is running to access the documentation.

1. Access the OpenAPI JSON document generated by the application:
    - [OpenAPI JSON](http://localhost:8080/v3/api-docs)

2. Access the Swagger UI for interactive documentation:
    - [Swagger UI](http://localhost:8080/webjars/swagger-ui/index.html#/)

**Note:** The API documentation is only accessible when the application is running. Ensure that the application is up and running to access the documentation links above.
